Add WIT.md and link into existing docs (#70)
WebAssembly/component-model: design/mvp/WIT.md

is parsed as a unicode string, and when stored in a file is expected to be
encoded as UTF-8.

Additionally, wit files must not contain any bidirectional override scalar values,
control codes other than newline, carriage return, and horizontal tab, or
codepoints that Unicode officially deprecates or strongly discourages.

The current structure of tokens are:

```wit
token ::= whitespace
        | comment
        | operator
        | keyword
        | identifier
```

Whitespace and comments are ignored when parsing structures defined elsewhere
here.

### Whitespace

A `whitespace` token in `wit` is a space, a newline, a carriage return, or a
tab character:

```wit
whitespace ::= ' ' | '\n' | '\r' | '\t'
```

### Comments

A `comment` token in `wit` is either a line comment preceded with `//` which
ends at the next newline (`\n`) character or it's a block comment which starts
with `/*` and ends with `*/`. Note that block comments are allowed to be nested
and their delimiters must be balanced

```wit
comment ::= '//' character-that-isnt-a-newline*
          | '/*' any-unicode-character* '*/'
```

There is a special type of comment called `documentation comment`. A

> `doc-comment` is either a line comment preceded with `///` whichends at the next

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`doc-comment` is either a line comment preceded with `///` which ends at the next
```
